Hey how's it going Dave 2d here and in
front of me are two phones the Apple
iPhone 8 and the 8 plus and if these are
the only two phones that Apple put out
this year at this video would be a lot
easier because I could just give you my
honest opinions on these phones and we'd
be done but that's just not the case the
iPhone 10 has a couple weeks out and it
makes it difficult to give you an honest
opinion on these things because there's
just a bigger and better phone a few
weeks away so ok I'm going to talk with
these phones about the things I like and
dislike about it and then we'll kind of
get into a more meta discussion at the
end the things I like the most about
these phones just three big ones the
first is wireless charging now wireless
charging is one of those things you only
start to appreciate when you've used it
a lot and I'm surprised Apple took so
long to stick it into their phones but
it's finally here
see the thing is with cables like
finding the cable sticking into the slot
and just charging your phone that way
there's something about that extra step
of like plugging your phone in that is
enough to dissuade everybody around the
world to leave their phones half charged
very often it's just because we're lazy
species or something having wireless
charging pads is really convenient
the thing is wireless charging isn't
cheap Apple doesn't include one in the
box you have to buy them and then like
20 30 bucks at like the mid-tier and
they can go up to like 50 60 maybe even
more if you wanna get some really
premium ones so yeah it's expensive to
equip everything in your life to have
wireless charging capabilities but it is
convenient the other thing I really like
about the iPhone 8 is the processor and
they talked about it a lot during the
presentation the whole AAA 11 Bionic
chip to the point where I thought they
were over hyping it but it's very
impressive I think it's the most
impressive thing about the phone to me
it benchmarks incredibly fast on
multi-core stuff now whether or not it
really matters I mean if you look at any
other phones that this thing beats on
that chart those phones are still super
fast like the actual UI feels really
smooth on any of these phones but where
this thing will start to make a
difference is with augmented reality
stuff so that is a very processor heavy
application any kind of AR thing but
right now in like mid 2017 we're not
seeing that much AR stuff being used
like there's a lot of tech demos and
impressive apps but most of that stuff
isn't everyday useful but give it eight
maybe 12 months and I think we'll start
to see that AR
Tec kind of trickled down into more
everyday stuff and that's when really
powerful multi-core chips will start to
shine but right now it's cool but it's
not super useful the last feature I want
to talk about on the iPhone 8 is the
camera and this was way better than I
expected it to be so Apple's cameras are
always pretty good but last year the
iPhone 7 I felt like that camera to me
wasn't as impressive as the pixel camera
or the cameras on the Samsung phones out
of the galaxy or the note this camera
impressed me particularly in low-light I
feel like the images are a good blend
between what you see in real life and a
bit of software optimization to make it
look a little bit better
the portrait mode on the iPhone 8 plus
is still something I'm not into the tech
is good and they actually do a good job
at it is just I never take photos like
that the studio effects on the 8 plus
are pretty cool and again the tech is
impressive the images look very
convincing to me but I feel like I'm not
the target user for this feature like I
don't take photos of myself or my family
and friends and kind of wish they were
professionally lit but the technology is
super impressive so those are the three
main features about the iPhone 8 that
are important to me the camera the
wireless charging and the new processor
there's some other stuff like the true
tone display but I want to talk about
things that I dislike about the iPhone 8
and the first one is the design this is
a very long running design this is year
4 of this shape and I think it's the
longest running design that Apple has
had on an iPhone and at this point it's
a very iconic look like you recognize it
right away because of the bigger bezels
and just the shape of the phone but it's
super stale and when a brand new phone
from 2017 looks pretty much the same as
a phone from 2014 that's no good the
glass material in the back is nice it's
definitely less slippery than the full
aluminum on the iPhone 7 it's a nicer
material to hold at least it's still
slippery I don't know if I'd put a skin
on it I mean it looks like it would
crack pretty easily but I do like the
color of it the white back is cool but
the dark grey one looks really nice to
me another thing I dislike is the cost
of all the accessories so this is Apple
they love selling accessories but this
time around I feel like it's an extra
bitter pill to swallow because this
phone supports fast charging but they
only include a regular wall bridge you
have to buy a different adapter and a
separate cable to take advantage of fast
and I feel like in 2017 every flagship
phone out there if it supports fast
charging includes the fast charging
cable and wall adapter but not here they
include this thing okay none of that
matters because the thing that bugs me
the most about the iPhone 8 is the fact
that the iPhone 10 is just around the
corner and every conversation that
anyone has about the iPhone 8 right now
is shaded by the incoming iPhone 10 and
it's not that the iPhone 10 is a
significantly better phone and it just
crushes everything that's not what I'm
saying what I'm saying is that right now
if you're buying a phone or if you're
interested in buying a phones you're
buying a phone that will instantly
become quote unquote obsolete the moment
the iPhone 10 comes out just because
that has a home button and it's not
Apple's flagship phone anymore I mean
this is still a good phone despite how
aged it looks but it's weird that the
iPhone 10 is gonna be the phone that
everyone wants that's the phone that
matters that's the phone of Apple's
future so it's weird to invest any kind
of money into this thing something that
we already know is on its way out the
home button is gone we're not gonna be
using that in the future so it feels
like a bad investment if you're gonna
spend money on a phone now not to say
that this is a bad phone these are good
phones but because of the iPhone 10 it
makes these things significantly less
attractive for someone who's
enthusiastic about tech okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]